Docs: Move labels and annotations topic to alerting fundamentals section (#49283)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/alerting/fundamentals/_index.md

# Alerting fundamentals

> This section covers the fundamental concepts of Grafana alerting. It covers the following topics:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section includes the following fundamental concepts of Grafana alerting:
```
